API-1394: Quick start my first webhook by receiving data on mockbin (#443)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/step-1.md

> # _Step 1_ | Receive my first data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# _Step 1_ | Receive my first set of data
```

> In this step, you will connect an event subscription to a fake endpoint and receive your first data. :rocket:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you will connect an event subscription to a fake endpoint and receive your first data. :rocket:
```

## Create a bin on Mockbin

[Mockbin](http://mockbin.org/) allows you to generate custom endpoints to test, mock, and track HTTP requests & responses between libraries, sockets and APIs.

> Go on [mockbin.org/bin/create](http://mockbin.org/bin/create) to create your bin and if needed change the configuration to respond with a status 200.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to [mockbin.org/bin/create](http://mockbin.org/bin/create) to create your bin and if needed change the configuration to respond with a status 200.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go on [mockbin.org/bin/create](http://mockbin.org/bin/create) to create your bin and if needed change the configuration to respond with a 200 status.
```

![Create Bin on Mockbin](/img/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/create-mockbin.png)

> Then click on "Create Bin" and go to the history of your Bin.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then click on `Create Bin` and go to the history of your Bin.
```

Reviewer 3: We're used to writing button names between `button name`

> Then click on "Create Bin" and go on to the history of your Bin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then click on "Create Bin" and go to the history of your Bin.
```

> Alright! Mockbin is ready to receive our first data from PIM webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alright! Mockbin is ready to receive our first piece of data from PIM webhooks.
```

## Send data to Mockbin

> Now, log into your 5.x or Serenity PIM and got to the event subscriptions page of the connection you created before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, log into your 5.x or Serenity PIM and go to the event subscriptions page of the connection you created before.
```

> Fill in the URL field with the URL of your bin and click on the test button. Don't forget to save your configuration before leaving the page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fill in the URL field with the URL of your bin and click on the test button. :warning: Don't forget to save your configuration before leaving the page.
```

> Fill in the URL field with the URL of your Bin and click on the test button. :warning: Don't forget to save your configuration before leaving the page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fill in the URL field with the URL of your Bin and click on the `Test` button. 

::: warn
Don't forget to save your configuration before leaving the page.
:::
```

![Event subscriptions configuration](/img/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/event-subscription-configuration.png)

You should see that the response of Mockbin is 200! :tada:

## Receive data on Mockbin

Go back to your bin history, refresh it and let's see how the magic happens!

> You should be amazed by the first data you received. Click on details and tada :tada:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are going to be amazed by the first piece of data you just received. Click on details and tada :tada:
```

![Mockbin test details](/img/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/mockbin-test-details.png)

> Now you can play with API and update a product to receive the event in your bin! If you don't know how to run an API call follow this guide: [Your first tutorial](/getting-started/your-first-tutorial-4x/welcome.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can play with the API and update a product to receive the event in your bin! If you don't know how to run an API call follow this guide: [Your first tutorial](/getting-started/your-first-tutorial-4x/welcome.html).
```

::: info

> If it's not the case :disappointed: let's wait a bit to cry and let me help you. There are several ways you can search for a solution.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's not the case :disappointed: don't burst out in tears just yet and let me help you. There are several ways for you to find out what went wrong.  
```

> If you run an Enterprise Edition, you may have a look on your permissions. To do so, follow this link to know more about the configuration [What is the event subscription?](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/what-is-the-event-subscription.html).   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on an Enterprise Edition, you may want to take a look at your permissions. To do so, follow check out our [What is the event subscription?](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/what-is-the-event-subscription.html) page to find out more about the configuration.   
```

> If you're in a Serenity or Flexibility environment, your server is correctly configured by us. :rocket: So it should be a permission problem!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're in a Serenity or Flexibility environment, your server is correctly configured by us. :rocket: So it must be a permission problem!  
```

Reviewer: intervertir 35 et 36

> If not, you may have a look at your server configuration to be able to send data. You should begin by using a curl on the bin URL from your server.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's not a permission issue, you may want to make sure your server is able to send data. You can check by using a curl on the bin URL from your server.  
```

> In the details of your Mockbin bin, you will find the curl command to run!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the details of your Mockbin bin, you will find the curl command you need to run!
```
